I love being a nurse, first off.
And I love the flexibility
of working with the company,
being able to make
my own schedule
as it benefits my family.
You get to schedule
everything that you get to do,
how you want to do it.
It's like, you have a
list of requirements
that need to be done in
a month, and you just
need to schedule your way
around to make them work.
I'm able to get
off in the morning.
Some days, I'm there to
take my kids to school,
but I'm always there
to pick them up.
If you can only work
these certain days
or these certain
hours during a week,
we can find you a
patient who only
needs a nurse during those
hours and during those days.
The advantage was the
flexibility for me.
And I think is still
that for me now,
just having that flexibility.
I think that what Aveanna
offers a lot of people,
that they don't realize, is
the flexibility of scheduling.
I would definitely recommend
working for Aveanna,
because that's
what it's given me.